Create ui-c8y-1020-26-3-support-cloning-apps-to-different-context-path-even-if-they-contain.md (#2442)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-26-3-support-cloning-apps-to-different-context-path-even-if-they-contain.md

---
date: ""

> title: support cloning apps to different context path even if they contain self scoped plugins (#7048)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Support cloning applications to different context paths containing self-scoped plugins
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Support self-scoped plugins for applications cloned to a different context path
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60850
version: 1020.26.3
---

> support cloning apps to different context path even if they contain self scoped plugins (#7048)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, when cloning an application to a different context path that contained self-scoped plugins, the cloning process would fail. With this change, it is now possible to successfully clone such applications to a different context path. This improvement allows for more flexibility when creating copies of applications in different locations within a tenant, even if those applications make use of self-scoped plugins.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when cloning an application to a different context path, the self-scoped plugins within that application would not load. With this change, the self-scoped plugins are now loading as expected.
```
